Nobody Williams says Michele Bridges running the floor shot blocked by a tentacupolo once a game comes out of nowhere and throws it off the backboard
Yadda's down the other anti-pansing move
I was standing job defensive not giving up on the play and then getting transition offense off of that
Just a tremendous in transition chase down play up right now with Fortis
Yadda has had a coupons and Lopez all planes together
That is one long straw passing sequences. It's too much him holding on to the ball
The spin move the finish Yadda does it again the lead is up to 11
A tie-up flies holiday holiday trying to get it going one for 11 and fed a group who gets inside lay up he backs at home
Five man and putting Yadda into the pick and roll and Paul is finding enough room and separation to get off his mid-range jumper
And the paint jumper for a tentacupolo 17 points here in the first half
Look at his score with one point remaining in the second we back in the 90s
Booker on the drive gets inside triple team finds cam Johnson shot clock winding down booker
And a 24 second violation
Yeah, that's that's one of those with a violation hurts Milwaukee because Yadda's had a chance for a wide open dunk down the other end
Tell you Yadda has been great scoring defending at time blocking the shot
This way as a player as a coach you deserve to be tied
Holiday was brilliant in game five one of the best games of his life
That a couple gets to roll count it in one
Assistant in his effort to run the floor
Tries a three that's good Yadda said a couple with his first three point make of the night
He is giving his team life
He's on two coach drew a Philadelphia
But he was an all-star with the sixies
It's got a group home lays it up and in
And set a group home calling for
Goes against crowd against inside backer won't go the rebound back up and in
Group strength from the honest on a buck squad by three time out Phoenix
It's hard to handle that's where the health defense has to be there on the spin. You just look at how he is carried
This team no one else on Milwaukee has it going offensively
Back to us
Back's in Lee's pulls up jump shot got it. Yadda's a pedicopo dominating right now
He is putting on a clinic. I like the adjustment go putting Jake Brown on him
At least those shots you can live with him make all of the first half when they were really struggling offensively
Holiday inside the pedicopo lays it up and in
Yadda some set thought he was found another great pass
I
It is sister holiday 35 points for a pedicopo state
Once again, but we're on the drive let's have a shot block a pedicopo
Josh lock it to crower has to put it up
Here come the box for projection for Yadda's
Middle from the bounce throws it up. Thanks shot
I got a pedicopo on the follow
39 points for Yadda some 4 points
It's an outside
Nice entry pass
And the slider from the pedicopo
He's got 45
Ball this places it picked up into the couple
Don't pretend it fades away from the rim
It's the presence of Yadda
A pedicopo on the glass
47 points box by eight
It's better than a box land right now
Play looking
Inside a pedicopo puts up the one hand or shot
Is good doesn't again
It's over the bucks have been it for a long way to send it after a half century the Milwaukee Bucks are NBA champions once again
The emotions come pouring out
One of the greatest nights in the walkie sports history ends in a carnation
And the brilliance of the young man from Athens
Another crushing finish for Devon Booker and the Phoenix thumbs after a superb